Automated PRs for version bumps (#429)
stackhpc/ansible-slurm-appliance: README.md

## Monitoring and logging

Please see the [monitoring-and-logging.README.md](docs/monitoring-and-logging.README.md) for details.

## CI/CD automation

A GitHub Actions workflow which checks for new upstream version release tags and creates a PR to update the downstream repo, can be found at:

        .github/workflows/upgrade-check.yml.sample

If activated, the workflow is scheduled by default to run every day at 9 AM UTC and can be triggered manually via the `workflow_dispatch` event. How to activate the workflow is detailed at the top of the file.

Workflow uses [create-pull-request](https://github.com/peter-evans/create-pull-request) to handle the pull request action. See for action inputs.

> In order for GitHub actions to fetch workflow changes in `.github/workflows`, a PAT for each deployment must be provided.

Reviewer: I don't think this is true. The PAT isn't required to *fetch* workflow changes, it's to create PRs which may involve modifying workflows (as far as I understand it anyway). Otherwise, the standard token provided to the workflow by GitHub actions would be sufficient.

We should also rephrase the discussion of tokens to state that both fine-grained tokens and user PAT tokens should work but that it was tested with a PAT token. Fine-grained repo-scoped token being preferred if possible.

> ## CI/CD automation
> 
> A GitHub Actions workflow which checks for new upstream version release tags and creates a PR to update the downstream repo, can be found at:
> 
>         .github/workflows/upgrade-check.yml.sample
> 
> If activated, the workflow is scheduled by default to run every day at 9 AM UTC and can be triggered manually via the `workflow_dispatch` event. How to activate the workflow is detailed at the top of the file.
> 
> Workflow uses [create-pull-request](https://github.com/peter-evans/create-pull-request) to handle the pull request action. See for action inputs.
> 
> In order for GitHub actions to fetch workflow changes in `.github/workflows`, a PAT for each deployment must be provided.
> 
> The following repository permissions must be set for the PAT:
>  - `Workflows: Read and write`
>  - `Actions: Read and write`
>  - `Pull requests: Read and write`
> 
> The PAT should then be copied into an Actions repository secret in the downstream repo with the title `WORKFLOW_TOKEN`.

Reviewer: I think I'd prefer to make this section just a bullet pointed list of the workflows available and then move these details about workflow permissions and tokens / secrets into the top-level comment of each workflow e.g.

```suggestion
## CI/CD automation

The `.github` directory contains a set of sample workflows which can be used by downstream site-specific configuration repositories to simplify ongoing maintainence tasks. These include:

- An [upgrade check](.github/workflows/upgrade-check.yml.sample) workflow which automatically checks this upstream stackhpc/ansible-slurm-appliance repo for new releases an propose a pull request to the downstream site-specific repo when a new release is published.
```

This is more consistent with the monitoring and logging section above.
